B581/Fall 2022		Homework 05			Duozhao Wang		duozwang


Final Project Proposal


Project name: Dominoes game


Description: Playing dominoes in a given 3D scene.


Details:
Because my project will implement the functionalities listed in the requirement of the projection description, I will describe the role in 
my project for each of the functionalities:

1. 3D Scene:
There are basically two objects: the ground, and the domino cubes.
The ground can be a non-flat surface, for example, the ground can be a hill, so I can play dominoes on a hill.
The ground will also be modeling in GPU, and all the domino cubes will be put on the surface of the ground.
The domino cubes will be normal cubes. All the cubes will have the same size and same shape. Once playing, the cubes will fall down when 
another domino cubes hit (interact) it.

2. Interaction:
For the interaction part, because there should be at least two 3D models in my scene should respoind to user interaction by mouse, I think 
all the domino cubes can be controlled by mouse (for example, I can click on each of the domino cubes so that it will fall down without 
interacting with another domino cube). The final result will depend on the way I solve it.

3. Camera:
For the camera part, I think I can provide several ways of camera controls.
It could be a Zoom-in/Zoom-out camera, and a 360 degree camera around the scene. Both of them can be controlled by the user (mouse or keyboard).

4. Illumination:
For the illumination part, I'm considering to add a "sun" in the scene. The "sun" object wil be considered as a light source. All the cubes and 
the ground will have different illumination effect while the "sun" within the scene. The "sun" object will be above the ground and all domino 
cubes.
Since the illumination effect can be implement in different ways, I think I need to talk to the course instructor with the implementation in order 
to get best effects.

5. Mapping:
In order to have two different texture maps or bump maps, I'm now considering to implement two separate ground in the scene. Both of the ground 
will have domino cubes on it, which means I can play domino game in two ground, but in the same scene.
The other way I may consider is about doing different mapping type on each domino cube.

6. Help screen:
The "h" button will provide a list of instructions about how to control the start of each domino cube, and the camera.
Hit "h" button, the instruction list will show in the scene. One more hit of "h" button, the instruction list will hide automatically.
